MTV 2.5 supports only cold migration for OpenStack (#408)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

[id="about-mtv"]
== About {the-lc} {project-full}

> You can migrate virtual machines from VMware vSphere, Open Virtual Application (OVA) files that were created by or are compatible with VMware vSphere, {rhv-full}, {ocp-short}, or {osp} source providers to {virt} with {the-lc} {project-first}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can migrate virtual machines from VMware vSphere, Open Virtual Appliances (OVA) that were created by VMware vSphere, {rhv-full}, {osp}, or {virt} source providers to {virt} with {the-lc} {project-first}.
```
Application -> Appliance
OVA files -> OVA (since OVA might be a folder)
and I'd place OCP-to-OCP as the last one and make it specific to OpenShift Virtualization
